# Project Proposal
So I have always wanted to try my hand at procedural generation. I thought this would be a good opportunity to explore it. Back in my very first CS class at my community college, one of the options for our final project was a proceduraly generated and seeded tilemap of different land tiles something sort of like [this](https://gamedev.stackexchange.com/questions/79049/generating-tile-map). Basically you seed it with a few random tiles and then it builds the map with some simple probability mechanisms so you get chunks of similar land. Anyway this is probably too simple for this project and I wouldn't know how to extend it and make it interesting.

# Actual Proposal
Anyway so I thought a good alternative would be to make a game with a procedurally generated dungeon. The best way I can describe it is like "adventure" from earlier this semester in java, but you know with graphics and a procedurally generated map. I would start by making a connected procedurally generated dungeon sort of thing that looks something like [this](https://imgur.com/a/3hnoF). There would probably be different types of rooms. Loot rooms, normal rooms, boss rooms. I think playing around with that and getting thinks to lay out nicely and randomly generate items would be challenging enough. I am not sure how much depth in terms of gameplay I would be able to go into.

# Concerns
I need a library that would be the best fit for this project. I have looked at things like [Oxygine](http://oxygine.org/) but I am not sure if that is a big learning curve and if I will spend most of my time learning the library instead of actually writing significant code. Since I have no knowledge of these libraries I feel that if I just pick one I might end up in a situation where I am working on an abomination/lost cause. Any library suggestion for my proposal would be greatly appreciated.  Note that I am not dedicated to the procedural adventure game, and I would be willing to switch to some other procedural generation project if it is a better fit for this assignments standards. I'm sure there is a lot of different stuff I could do. Again, suggestions are welcome.
